you
now take Aaron your brother and his sons
with him from among the chill
of Israel that he may minister to me as
priest Aaron and Aaron's sons made AB a
by hew Eliezer and if Amma and you shall
make holy garments for Aaron your
brother for glory and for beauty so you
shall speak to all who were gifted
artisans whom I have filled with the
spirit of wisdom that they may make
Aaron's garments to consecrate him that
he may minister to me as priests and
these are the garments which they shall
make a breastplate an ephod a robe a
skilfully woven tunic a turban and a
sash so they shall make holy garments
for Aaron your brother and his sons that
he may minister to me as priests they
shall take the gold blue purple and
scarlet thread and the fine linen and
they shall make the ephod of gold blue
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
linen artistically worked it shall have
two shoulder straps joined at its two
edges and so it shall be joined together
and the intricately woven band of the
ephod which is on it shall be of the
same workmanship made of gold blue
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
linen then you shall take two onyx
stones and engrave on them the names of
the sons of Israel six of their names on
one stone and six names on the other
stone in order of their birth with the
work of an engraver and stolen like the
engravings of a signet you shall engrave
the two stones with the names of the
sons of Israel you shall set them in
settings of gold and you shall put the
two stones on the shoulders of the ephod
as memorial stones for the sons of
Israel so Aaron shall bear their names
before the Lord on his two shoulders as
a memorial you shall also make settings
of gold and you shall make two chains of
pure gold like braided cords and
fastened the braided chains to the
settings you shall make the breastplate
of judgment artistically woven according
to the workmanship of the ephod you
shall make it of gold blue purple and
scarlet thread and fine woven linen you
shall make it it shall be doubled into a
square a span shall be its length and a
span shall be its width and you shall
put settings of stones in it for rows of
stones the first row shall be a sardius
a topaz and an emerald this shall be the
first row the second row shall be a
turquoise a sapphire and a diamond the
third row adjacent and agate and an
amethyst and the fourth row a barrel and
onyx and a jasper they shall be set in
gold settings and the stones shall have
the names of the sons of Israel 12
according to their names like the
engravings of a signet each one with its
own name they shall be according to the
12 tribes you shall make chains for the
breastplate at the end like braided
cords of pure gold and you shall make
two rings of gold for the breastplate
and put the two rings on the two ends of
the breastplate then you shall put the
two braided chains of gold in the two
rings which are on the ends of the
breastplate and the other two ends of
the two braided chains
you shall fasten to the two settings and
put them on the shoulder straps of the
in the front you shall make two rings of
gold and put them on the two ends of the
breastplate on the edge of it which is
on the inner side of the ephod and two
other rings of gold you shall make and
put them on the two shoulder straps
underneath the ephod toward its front
right at the seam above the intricately
woven band of the ephod they shall bind
the breastplate by means of its rings to
the rings of the ephod using a blue cord
so that it is above the intricately
woven band of the ephod and so that the
breastplate does not come loose from the
ephod so Aaron shall bear the names of
the sons of Israel on the breastplate of
judgment over his heart when he goes
into the holy place as a memorial before
the Lord continually and you shall put
in the breastplate of judgement the Urim
and the Thummim and they shall be over
Aaron's heart when he goes in before the
Lord so Aaron shall bear the judgement
of the children of Israel over his heart
before the Lord continuous
you shall make the robe of the ephod all
of blue there shall be an opening for
his head in the middle of it it shall
have a woven binding all around its
opening like the opening in a coat of
mail so that it does not tear and upon
its hem you shall make pomegranates of
blue purple and scarlet all around its
hem and bells of gold between them all
around a golden bell and a pomegranate a
golden bell and a pomegranate upon the
hem of the robe all around
and it shall be upon Aaron when he
ministers and its sound will be heard
when he goes into the holy place before
the Lord and when he comes out that he
may not die you shall also make a plate
of pure gold and engrave on it like the
engravings of a signet holiness to the
Lord and you shall put it on a blue cord
that it may be on the turban it shall be
on the front of the turban so it shall
be on Aaron's forehead that Aaron may
bear the iniquity of the holy things
which the children of Israel hallow in
all their holy gifts and it shall always
be on his forehead that they may be
accepted before the Lord you shall
skilfully weave the tunic of fine linen
thread you shall make the turban of fine
linen and you shall make the sash of
woven work for Aaron's sons
you shall make tunics and you shall make
sashes for them and you shall make hats
for them for glory and beauty so you
shall put them on Aaron your brother and
on his sons with him you shall anoint
them consecrate them and sanctify them
that they may minister to me as priests
and you shall make for them linen
trousers to cover their nakedness they
shall reach from the waist to the thighs
they shall be on Aaron and on his sons
when they come into the tabernacle of
meeting or when they come near the altar
to minister in the holy place that they
do not incur iniquity and die
it shall be a statute forever to him and
his descendants after him
[Music]